[DOCU-3062] Composite runtime groups (#5762)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/runtime-manager/composite-runtime-groups/how-to.md

---
title: Working with composite runtime groups
content_type: how-to
badge: enterprise
---

> A composite runtime group (CRG) is a type of runtime group in {{site.konnect_short_name}} where `cluster_type = CLUSTER_TYPE_COMPOSITE`.

Reviewer: I think maybe this sentence could steal from the composite group overview intro paragraph because I was kind of confused about the `cluster_type` thing (and it didn't explain what a composite runtime group was).

> A composite runtime group (CRG) is a type of runtime group in {{site.konnect_short_name}} where `cluster_type = CLUSTER_TYPE_COMPOSITE`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A composite runtime group (CRG) is a read-only group that combines configuration from its members, which are standard runtime groups (SRG). All of the standard runtime groups within a composite runtime group share the same cluster of runtime instances.
```

> In this guide, you will set up a composite runtime groups with two members, then test that configuration from both member groups is applied to the composite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will set up a composite runtime groups with two members, then test that the configuration from both member groups is applied to the composite.
```

## Prerequisites

* You must have the **runtime group admin** role to fully manage composite runtime groups.
* If you are using the {{site.konnect_short_name}} API, you have a personal or system access token.

## Using composite runtime groups

### Set up standard runtime groups

First, let's create a standard runtime group. 
This group will be a member of a composite runtime group later on.

If you already have some standard runtime groups in your org that you want to add to a composite, skip to [creating a composite runtime group](#create-composite-runtime-group).

{% navtabs %}
{% navtab Konnect UI %}

1. From the navigation menu, open {% konnect_icon runtimes %} **Runtime Manager**.
1. Click the **New Runtime Group** button and select **{{site.base_gateway}}**.
   

>    Kong Ingress Controller runtime groups can't be part of composite groups.

Reviewer 3: We should also add that composite RGs cannot be a member of another composite RG
